Are you kidding me?
Who am I?
I am the new Doctor of Mechanics of the Guozi Ship
How could I come to a place like this
I am very clean, okay
Sister-in-law
You must have wronged the big brother
If the big brother really came here
He will definitely call me
You don't wrong the big brother
Really
Of course
Oh, isn't this Mr. Qin?
You haven't been here for some days
The girls can't sleep waiting for you
Pack a few tonight
Hehe
If I say they got the wrong person
Do you believe me?
Striker, you bastard
Guest officer please
Deserved
Brother, you really let me down
You actually eat alone
Guest officer please
Well, I didn't say anything. I didn't see anything. Uh